README - Anglo-Saxon Text Tool Menu v2.1
	/tools/menu/

OVERVIEW:
	Builds the menu for Word Frequencies and Virtual Manuscript
	tools and controls what texts are selected.

FILES:
	menu.php
		The menu. Includes menudropdown.php and draws the other menu 
		options. It autoselects menu options based on the URL args.
		And contains some JS for both tools and includes the appropriate
		JS file to run the menu on a per-tool basis.

	menudropdown.php
		Calls the Perl script menubuild.pl. Also includes some CSS hackery
		to make the dorp down menu work right in IE.

	menubuild.pl
		Draws the dropdown menu dynamically ('cause that was part of the 
		original menu spec) by globbing in the CSVs from one of ../data/
		option directories.
		
	menucss.css
		CSS for menu to look right and good.

	csshover.htc
		More CSS hackery to get the menu to work in IE. Description
		can be found at http://www.xs4all.nl/~peterned/csshover.html

	menuwordfreqs.js
		JS that captures the onclick of a menu option and selects the text.
		This controls that only one text can be selected at once.

	menubvmjs.js
		JS that allows the user to select as many texts as the user wants
		and propagates manuscript selection to select the subtexts.

USE:
	This directory must be a sibling to the directory of the tool using it
	and the tool must be in that directory, not subdirectories.

	menu.php creates the bulk of the menu form. It calls the programmer
	defined	$menujs to select the appropriate menu for the tool.

	The JS has two main functions, add_text() and del_text(). The one 
	argument is an Object. If the object is not a SPAN element 
	created in menubuild.pl, the script breaks. They check the innerHTML
	of that tag to get a name which is used to identify objects on the page
	pertaining to that text.

	There is an invisible form element that captures and sends the text
	names through the URL. Texts are separated by spaces, in Virtual
	Manuscript.

	The documentation in the JS is quite nice and easy to follow (subject 
	to you).

Revision History
	2010.06.26 :: v2.1
		- better layed out menu
		- fixed Firefox layout bug

	2010.06.18 :: v2 (acj)
		- nice new menu that can be used by both tools

	2008.07.01 :: v1 (acj)
		- old crusty version that was slow and had to be 
			separated depending on the tool
